[MM-39827] Remove AdminAccessToken & PermissionActAsAdmin (#961)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/apps/using-third-party-api/hello-oauth2/_index.md

### Configuring OAuth2

> `/hello-oauth2 configure` sets up the Google OAuth2 credentials. It accepts two string flags, `--client-id` and `--client-secret`. Submit will require an user access token to affect the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/hello-oauth2 configure` sets up the Google OAuth2 credentials. It accepts two string flags, `--client-id` and `--client-secret`. Submit will require a user access token to effect the changes.
```
